Partial Transcript of Smoke stream
https://www.twitch.tv/smoke

Friday, 02 June, 2023
------------------------------------
Stenography practice, Plover, TinyMod
------------------------------------
Timestamp: 06:55:40

Yeah that was a working car at one point 
but now it needs a new radiator and a new spark plug.

Shoes are damaged. Duct tape.
Ooh, bag of rice. 94% too.
Oh baby, water pump.
My little monster is getting impatient with me. She's munchin' on the corners of my boxes.
Little monster!
Alright, belly's full.
Belly's full.
Yeah the benefit of having rope is to make a fishin' rod.
From there you gotta dig up a worm, unless you're playing on a really cold map.
But yeah you can also tie people up with the rope, and a few other things with it too, make a backpack, and a few other things.
so we got a railroad track, and we have a road.

Yeah, my cat looks... I don't want to say 'common' but she kinda looks like a raccoon.
If you just saw her tail stickin' out from behind a dumpster, you'd think there was a raccoon back there.

Chicken.
All we gotta do is find a radiator and fill it up with water.
Wait a minute, another car?
Maybe they're spawning them close to the towns so people don't have to go huntin' for 'em.
Wait a minute, what's wrong with the car?
Oh maybe it's still too low on water, it was just a little water bottle.
9 millimeter. Rubbers. More rubbers.
Oh shit, another radiator.
Yeah I don't know, maybe they think that if you came through all that lag, you might as well have a car.
Someone stashed a repeater. No shots.
Whatever, maybe we'll just share the same stash.
Yeah true, we could probably drive it to a well, wherever that is. I'll bet it's right here in the centre.
Oh there it is.
Ooh what is that?
The chemosee map.
Alright it might be easier to pull around here.
Shit!
Please die, lady.
Ok we should be able to drive it down there before it blows up.
Then we can take a little driving tour before we get shot in the face.
No, no, no, everything's gonna be fine. Just take it real slow.
Shit we're probably real low on gas too.
I think there's a spare tyre in the back.
You think it's ok?
I mean, shit, we're just gonna take it on a little cruise, try to get to the end of the map.
How many of these do you think it's gonna take?
We'd have to do the same thing with the other car to get it over here, right?
The radiator thing is kinda a ball-buster.
Yeah yeah I'm not too worried about the gas thing. Let's just get to a gas station.
No I think once you take the radiator out, it's empty. You gotta fill it up again.
I'm gonna flash-bang you, get ready to close your eyes. 1-2-3.
Maybe next time we'll try to get all the way down to Chiemsee.
Nice.
Alright let's see if this is good enough for a bit.
Maybe grab that repeater too.
Oh, it's not smokin'. But the engine light is on. Is that because it's almost dead?
You're trying to run me over man?
How long is it gonna be before you try to kill me?
I think I hear somebody else. You with somebody?
There's another one of these parked over here, man.
Do you have any water? I gotta find a well.
I feel like the radiator thing is a bit of a bummer.
Nope, can't do that.
We've done much worse than that crash, and never had a radiator die that quickly.
Wait a minute, who the fuck is... Who's out here?
Oh my gosh, you scared me so fuckin' much.
You got any water for this? You're a scary-lookin' dude, why don't you come with me. Let me show you where the car is, here it is, it's right over here.
Let me get some water.
Haha what the fuck.
The car is missin' a radio, maybe he can do a little sing-along for us.
Maybe he'll get some tyres for us.
It's cool mate, I don't need to go with you guys in the car.
A little bit.
Do you have another container, maybe I can get water too.
You got any 9 millimeter?
I have 17 bullets for that, you want em?
Oh he's got .22 rounds.
I got meat if you guys need it.
Where you guys from, man?
I'm from South Africa, bro.
Bob-Steve? Steve-bob.
Ok I'll see if they're better at drivin'. I don't have to drive.
When do you think we can actually drive that thing down to the pump?
I got an empty repeater stashed in a bush.
You got any other guns, you got like a pistol or something?
I'm willing to be the bigger man here, and squash it.
Or...
Nah, he's chill.
Alright we can probably drive this thing over.
Yeah I think I think I think I think it's full.
Yo, step aside, dude.
Looks like a chop-shop over here.
You guys good at drivin'?
I've never driven.
I'll start us off.
Where did you get your drivin' license?
Where's the gas station?
I'm completely fresh to this map.
It's just up here.
Can I put something on my face that will like, stop you guys from getting sick?
Possibly.
Prepare for impact.
Where's the gas station?
I thought you said it was down here.
He's gone from "down here" to "who knows?" real fuckin' quick.
Oh! Is that a man?
No it's a zombie.
Whoa, was that a bomb?
Fuck her up!
Ah, perfect, the missing piece.
Is there anything else?
Just giving you some vitamins.
You can have it.
You guys wanna go back and get that repeater?
It's not that important mate.
How's this other one lookin'?
Oh it's real low on gas and the engine's fucked.
Alright we got the best car out of all of 'em.
I'm gonna look real quick at the map for a gas station.
3-2-1, flashbang.
Alright let's roll.
This guy's poppin' pills.
Wait, I think we good to go back, Actually.
This takes us to the swamp, doesn't it?
Is this where you guys came from?
Yeah I spawned in the swamp, mate.
Yeah I'm about to spin this sucker around.
He's like,"I lived in the swamp, mate".
You get a 5 star rating from me so far mate.
Don't forget to leave me a Yelp review.
so if you press N, you can enable your earplugs.
Oh, I forgot it.
Life-changing ay? makes a world of difference.
There's different levels of it too.
I think we're passin' through this town.
Question is, are we going left or right?
Wait a minute, are we tryin' to go around?
You watch football, man?
You support Barcelona or Madrid?
Neither of those.
I support Man United, mate.
Steve, you watch any sport mate?
I don't watch any football. I used to watch hockey I bit.
I watch the UFC fights, the big events you know. But that's about it these days man.
When you say hockey, you mean arse hockey, yeah?
"Ass hockey"? What-what's that? Oh! ICE hockey.
I thought you were makin' fun of it dude, no lie.
Why does everyone knock my accent?
Dude I love your accent. That's why I picked you up.
I'm about to pop a fuckin' tyre out here.
We fucked up.
Must have been the arse hockey question.
What other types of hockey are there?
Field hockey.
I thought that shit was called something else.
You been laggin' a bit or what?
Bro, where are we going exactly?
Fuck if I know.
What the hell's that?
Oh shit. Alright.
Beep.
You have to sing, the radio's fucked.
You sure you want me to sing?
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah.
We'll give it a chance.
Hello it's me, I was wondering if...
*crash*
I'm so sorry.
If the radiator's fucked I'm literally F11ing right now.
Oh it's good, we're good we're good we're good.
Oh dude! There's a gun!
Accidents happen all the time.
Yeah whenever you wanna take the wheel you lemme know, I'm open to it.
Hands off, asshole.
I got rubbers, take the SMG.
One of you guys got rags?
I wanna cover my face.
I got no rags. Here cut up my mask.
Who needs food?
This way you guys shouldn't get sick, right?
Take some of this steak though incase you get desperate.
Alright someone's got that scorpion, right?
There's a wall there.
Alright I'm gonna put my blaze in the car.
Are we there yet?
Left or right?
Right.
Beep.
I'm really sorry for interrupting. 
Hello darkness my old friend.
I thought it was Adele.
Oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh I can't stop!
What do the brakes do? Someone take the fuckin' wheel.
What are brakes even?
What are the brakes?
Oh is space the emergency brakes these days?
Bit of military over here, yeah?
Okay, okay.
Behind you.
Silly bastard. Alright I'm gonna watch over the vehicle.
The AI is crazy mate.
Oh! There a military zombie out in the field behind us.
You guys loot around, I'll stay near the vehicle.
Are you sure?
I mean, look.
Take what you can.
Beard check? I got I little something going dude.
I really don't know where my beard's at. I been out here survivin'.
Does anybody need a backpack?
Nah I just grabbed one.
Flash bang.
Monch monch monch.
Alright I'm gonna pull the vehicle around.
Ooh, that might be a dead zombie down there.
We haven't been down there yet, and that's a dead zombie.
We don't really need the car battery.
There's a dead zombie nearby.
I saw some hand-wraps lying there, I saw some bones lying there.
Let's get our boy.
We gotta get gas. 
Beep-beep. Beep.
Shit, Probably should have just stayed put. 
Peter's gone? Repeato gone? 
Is his name Pete-o? 
There's a guy down there, he talked to me. 
What'd he say?
He don't sound friendly?
Not at all. 
What'd he say?
I just run, I was scared.
Should we shoot him? Does he have a gun?
You were obviously taught from a young age not to talk to strangers, were you?
You made the right move Peter, er... Pete-o.
There's two guys over there, that looks dangerous.
ah I think they're going huntin' for that deer, I'm sure they'd love our vehicle.
should we run away from them?
Maybe we should try to kill them.
Someone's crossing in front, oh shit.
Yeah they saw us.
I haven't seen anyone for hours and all of a sudden the server's packed, it seems.
I think the Europeans are wakin' up.
The guys in the street.
You wanna go back and kill em?
I'm gonna follow this road, what do you say?
Do we have armour to kill them?
Run away and fart another day.
Pete-o you're gonna finish that ballad for us mate.
Call you Barry.
I got a heat buff from the engine.
Is that a thing?
Yep.
I think we saw three guys back there,
macarena, hey macarena.
You just earned legendary status mate.
It's making my ears tingle.
You knew the song, right?
Yes.
Famous around the world.
I guess I've heard it, but didn't know the name of it.
I see something.
This is like a big nuclear plant-looking place.
Pete-o is a Spaniard.
There we go! drifting.
You didn't see that banana peel back there.
I'm just practicing my James Bond moves, dude, ok?
Wanna go down there?
That's the thing.
I've been seeing black and white for the longest time gentlemen.
What's your blood at?
How'd you get so bloodied up?
I got into a gun fight, that's where I got this SVT from
Oh did ya?
Lemme guess you shot someone in the back of the fuckin' head didn't ya?
I did mate.
Yeah buddy well guess what, I got you right where I fuckin' want ya.
You try to get outta this car I'm gonna fuckin' blow us up.
That was me asshole
I'm puttin' this shit into 4th, let's fuckin' go.
Just joking.
It was a good kill.
That wasn't you?
It was me. You fuckin' shot me in the back of the head.
I killed some people, then I ate some man-steak and you just shot me.
Is that a legitimate-story dude?
I was lookin' at a freshie and you fuckin' executed me on the spot.
Oh you're serious?
Yeah dude, you honed in on my fuckin' dome, and then black screen.
That's all I remember.
I heard your breath
Thanks dude.
You literally just painted the picture of what happened.
I'm gonna drop this gun for you man.
All jokes aside.
I've been waiting for this moment. Later boys.
Oh shit.
Fuck!
There's some hidden gears on this thing that I can't see.
Trust me it's harder than it looks.
You can put your finger up while your driving.
That mighta been a Deag in the grass.
I can't live with myself man, are you fuckin' bullshittin' me?
*ring ring ring ring* boys!
Be serious now mate, was that you?
He's gone.
Yeah I'm gonna grab the fire axe maybe.
The pitchfork's pretty good.
Now I can't find my boys.
This is pretty smooth, but there's a few things, I few problems I've heard about.
Tyre's wobblin'.
Boys?
I'm gettin' kinda sick.
*ring ring ring ring*
Have you ridden one of these things?
You wanna take this for a spin man?
You wanna try this thing?
You ever been on a bike before?
This thing's making me dizzy.
I like it but I gotta get used to it.
It's a WIP. 
I can't put any water in the radiator.
I might have to get some food after that.
Weapons. Weapons.
Where's the police station?
Nice. I see you're taking good care of her.
Don't make me feel any worse.
I'm jokin', I'm jokin', I just wanted to rub it in.
Can you put this on the SVT? 
Would you like the SVT mate?
No, no, no seriously.
I almost have a thing against it, you know cos it's modded.
But it is bad-ass. I like it.
Alright let's roll.
Jesus, Pete-o what the fuck was that about?
You literally made my heart skip a beat, you just aimed at my head.
I was not aiming at your head... You're lying!
You getting ready?
Ready?
Yeah to execute us.
5 of 5 stars.
I'm gonna recommend you.
Thank you I just wanna get you where you wanna go
To a military zone.
We're on route. On the way.
You actually don't know where you are going?
I got a GPS.
Very smooth. It's very great.
If I see a crossbow, it's mine, and I'll give you my shotgun.
Why I can't get out? there we go
Two doors can't open at the same time, it looks like.
So you have to wait for the person to exit.
Omg this game's broken.
Wait, what's going on with that?
We need this.
Don't fill up my car with junk, what is that?
Trust the process.
Oh arm-bands?
One for you.
One for you.
We gotta go to the gas station, you know that, right?
Don't make me sleepy dude, I'm at the end of my rope here.
It's 12pm here.
Midnight?
No! Not midnight.
Oh, it's midday?
I'll bet you were playing DayZ.
Nope, I was working.
Come on.
Where's he going? Get in the fuckin' car dude, just gimme a second chance.
If you had died there, I would have taken your shit so fuckin' quick dude.
It's the American that brings us together with the decent ping.
I was heart-broken, you killed my mate.
My mate runs over there and gets instantly assassinated.
I needed to go fishin' with his bones.
Maybe he shouldn't invade someone's personal space.
I've never drived before.
Stop stop stop. Down shift.
Back us up, and spin us.
One two three, stick us on two, dude, otherwise this'll be a short trip.
All I can say.
Maybe go the other way that we haven't already been.
Do you wanna swap seats?
That's cool, I'm happy in the back mate.
Can you swap to the other seat, behind me?
If we crash I'm gonna go to bed.
Forgive me if I'm quiet bro, I'm just fearin' for my fuckin' life.
Look at these trees bro, can you imagine hitting one of these at high speed?
C'mon man, look at this?
I mean we have to go to South?
Unfortunately while we're driving I can't pull out a compass.
The thing is we have to go back the other way.
I'm gonna stop, then I'm gonna get out.
Look at the zombie!
You're trying to kill me, bro.
Where's the South?
The South is over there.
We're gonna follow you. I can't get in.
Maybe it's for my backpack.
Doesn't give me an option mate, there's no option to get on.
I just wanna try this thing for about ten minutes, alright?
Let's go let's go!
Alright if we get shot at, our buddy here is dead.
I notice you can give the bird while you're on the bike.
You found your military base dude, nice..
He's sleepin' haha, oh shit, I got an idea.
The bicycle, it's my get away vehicle.
Alright it's been real, boys. *pedals away*
Yo, there's more military tents over here.
Say again?
There's military tents.
Who's the driver? Now I'm gonna push this.
Well? Well? Am I a fuckin' genius or what?
You think you're so fuckin' sweet.
Let me push this.
I just have the start engine option.
Can you tie me up from there? Do you guys have something to tie me up?
Try reverse, brother.
The moment we touch one of these logs, we're fucked.
Imagine the person that comes across us now, what would that person think?
Trust the process. Call the experts.
That bicycle is pretty sweet, we should keep it in the car.
Oh shit, I'm on the back.
Ok, how the fuck do we get out of here.
Trust the process.
Shut the fuck up for a second, give me a minute to work.
This guys killing himself.
I don't know where to go. I'm gonna launch myself into the fuckin' woods though. Let's see if we can fuckin' get out of the spawn zone here.
I can't tell if the fuel is actually going down, or is it infinite?
Oh shit, there may have been an accident.
It was so simple when I loaded that thing in, why can't you get the fuckin' bike in?
It wasn't stickin' out of the back before.
Yo, forget the bike, let's go.
You fuckin' donkeys.
Oh, shit.
There we go, did you see that?
I lead the way again? Yeah you got the better vehicle man.
I want to go South, which way is South?
Look I'll tell you what, I got time to hit up...
I got an ingame map, just lead the way.
I don't want you runnin' me over.
Don't say anything, I know what I'm doing. I know what I'm doing.
Thanks for all the big resubs, dudes. Sorry it's hard to look away while I'm driving.
Southwest is left. Right is northeast.
Uh-oh.
This actually feels pretty smooth. We're doing 65.
Uh-oh, my engine light's blinkin'.
I think we're going in a circle, over and over and over.
Yeah we've been here,
Steve! We need your directions.
What are those three things in that direction over there.
You got a hitch-hiker, mate.
Let's go left.
Somebody give me fuckin' directions. Are we going this way?
Let's go this way.
Straight or right?
I think it's straight.
Careful of the lips here, they're extra thick.
Wait a minute there a sign over there.
Yes, you dirty-minded little bastards.
Oh there's a sign here.
Where are we?
I'll bet you this priest is a catholic.
Flash bang you guys.
Bad enTKOFR.
Military camp. Gimme two seconds, I'm going to exit out of this map and take one of my three shotgun shells and put it in your face.
Where's the big mill-base we can take them to?
I'm wasting my gas, man.
Is that the one where we got stuck though?
It kinda looks like that same square layout.
We're already in the Northwest corner.
I'm just gonna take us to that little military camp.
So you're makin' fun of me, but you can't read, is that it?
Let's go Southwest, we'll check out the military camp.
Now I gotta walk my arse all the way over here, thanks guys.
Wait a minute there's two guys!!
Let's just spy on em for a sec.
He's got the shotty, it's all on you guys.
He's peekin', he's peekin'.
He might have a gun out, watch out!
Our buddy's aimin' his gun straight up in the air. I think he's bugged.
We gotta get a fire-axe, or something, here we go.
I dropped my damn pitchfork.
All this meat's gone bad, damn it.
Now I'll just cut up that chicken.
How'd it go? Did you find that guy? Did you lose the other one?
I'm just gonna put some chicken in your car then I'll be back.
Did you check his body yet?
You should have the arm band, that I made for you.
I'll get it when we get back to the car.
Oh, no I have it here!
Oh my gosh, they have food for old people.
They have BK as well.
BK ammo for you.
Go ahead and take a few shots. There's plenty of shit there.
Holy shit there he is! Wait I think it's a third dude?
He's gonna take the car! Take a shot!
Oh shit my MK is out. He's takin' the car! Shoot him!
Haha nice shooting, we almost got him.
He yoinked it dude. Maybe we can follow him.
Turn off the engine, that might be it.
Can you get on now? Here I'll get off.
This shit, this shit is buggy.
You gotta get like the perfect... Here I almost had it.
There's the car! It's the guy!
I can't believe we drove behind this little ruin and he's parked our car.
Unlucky for him, damn.
What are the chances?
This is literally my first time playing this map.
Why is he looking at the sky all the time?
I'm not looking at the sky brother.
Yes you are, all the time. Look at him, walking up the road.
Nice.
Wolves. Here they come.
I gotta put a battery in this red dot.
you guys got any more 9 millimeter?
I think I keep asking you guys that.
He's got some food we can eat.
I wonder if he stashed something like a spark plug.
Nope, we got everything.
He's underfire, makes it away, he almost makes it away, then we see him.
He'd be talking to his buddy in Discord,"dude I got their car!"
We can eat those wolves now.
My beautiful car.
If you guys wanna make one more attempt at it.
Careful behind.
This is gonna go bad.
You're good.
Couldn't tell if that was his engine, or a shot that we heard.
Ok, real quick I'm gonna open this map.
Let's go South of this.
I just found a box of 7.62x54
Server restart in about 5 minutes.
We can check out that military spot after restart.
I'll see you guys after reset.
I didn't realise reset was so close.
Was it for my bike?
I'm fine with that.
It's been real, I'll see you after restart though.
I'm not sayin' we're not taking this seriously, but we're just messin' about here tonight to test this new map.
Gimme about 10 minutes to get some food, then we'll be back.
I need to get off, I'm so fuckin' tired.
Alright gnight.
----------------------------

Raided https://www.twitch.tv/happybombs
